After Importing The project, select the controller class from the controller package
then Run the program from that class.

In the top right corner there's an "Adjust Names" Button
that you can use to change players' names. (Default is player 1 & player 2 ).

in the middle of the screen there will be 2 rows having 5 buttons each..
the top row buttons will represent the selection of player 1 and bottom of the player 2.

after selecting both heroes the game starts, player 1 will be always the player on the bottom half of the screen
and player 2 will always be the player on the top half of the screen.
in the top left corner you will find a text describing who's the current player turn

each player will have either flipped buttons or not depending on the current player turn..
in order to play a minion just clicking on the Minion button will play it or throw an exception ( not enough mana ,etc)

in order to attack with a minion, you need to click on the minion after it's added to the field and then 
click on the target (Minion or Hero) that you want to attack.

(all heroes' photos are actually buttons but they don't have borders)
in order to attack a hero or use a hero target spell on a hero, after clicking on the button that does the action. 
you will need to click on the hero's photo

in the West Center of the screen there will be a status text 
that displays if a user is doing an action that requires multiple button clicks (Attacking , Spell, Hero power ,etc)

in order to use aoe / field spells just clicking on it will play it or throw the respective exception.. 
and to play Hero/Minion Target Spells it will be the same as attacking with minion with first clicking on the spell
and then clicking on the target..

In order to use the hero's power, There's a button next to the hero photo which also have the hero's power photo on it
you can use it just like using a target spell.

and finally there will be an "End Turn" Button that will be in the east center of the screen 
that is the same button for both players that will end turn.


